>> Steve Kinney: All of that work was
to get us to the point where we can now
see the changes to the user, which is
that like nice feedback loop, right.
What we wanna do is we
wanna work on storage.
We wanna make it so that the user can
find a new, I mean I like that picture,
I took it last week, it's fine.
What we wanna do is we wanna do is we
wanna, so we can take a new picture and
upload it, we can store it in
a storage bucket somewhere.
Get the URL from where
we stored that file, and
use that as the new photo URL, right.
This also means our email users can
have nice pictures too, all right.
So to do that, back into the Firebase JS,
>> Steve Kinney: And
we're gonna pull in one more,
>> Steve Kinney: firebase/storage.
We do something similar to what
we've done in the past now.
>> Steve Kinney: Up here or
also export const
storage = firebase.storage.
Let’s get this wired up
into the user profile page.
So we can bring in Firestore,
we can bring in storage.
>> Steve Kinney: Have both in place.
Let me give myself one
more helper which is,
cuz I'm gonna be really honest with you,
I can barely ever remember the file API.
MDN is my, Mozilla Developer Network
is my friend every single time.
So if image input is not null,
then get me this.imageInput.files,
and just get me the first one.
Theoretically I guess they can
select multiple files, but
I don't know what I would do with multiple
files, I'm just replacing one picture.
So we'll just grab
the first one out of there.
And when they submit the form,
we know that we're gonna,
if there is a display name we're
going to change the display name.
>> Steve Kinney: If there is
a file that they've selected,
then we're gonna go to storage.
And storage also uses
references to where they are.
So storage.ref is the top of the bucket,
right, and
then we can kind of navigate in.
So I can say child and
let's call this, we'll put in,
user-profiles Bucket, that seems good.
But then I'm thinking we'll have a folder
for each user, right, based on their UID.
This will be really useful cuz
guess what also has security rules?
Firebase storage, right,
Firebase storage also has security rules.
So what we'll do is, then we can use
the security rules to say, hey user,
you only have access to the folder
that has your UID on it.
So I'll say, .child(this.uid),
I made that computer property before.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll do one more, which is like,
we also need to name the file.
Luckily, I'm gonna cheat with that one,
this.file.name.
>> Steve Kinney: So this will
give me a reference to the top of
the bucket slash user profiles,
slash their user ID slash the name of
the file they tried to upload, right.
That way they can upload multiple files.
>> Steve Kinney: This could be useful,
in this case they're gonna
have one profile picture.
But you can imagine a world where maybe
they could have multiple images or
something else that they upload.
And then, everyone ready for the hard
work of putting file in the bucket?
Wanna take a lucky guess at the method
to put a file in a bucket is?
>> Speaker 2: Save.
>> Steve Kinney: Upload.
>> Speaker 2: Upload.
>> Steve Kinney: Save file.
>> Speaker 2: Save.
>> Steve Kinney: Put a file in a bucket,
it's put.
>> Speaker 2: Store.
>> Steve Kinney: [LAUGH] We tried.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Store.
>> Steve Kinney: Put.
>> Speaker 2: Put.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll put
this.file in the bucket.
>> Steve Kinney: So
that is gonna return a promise.
I'm actually gonna just use promise
chaining cuz this is already,
>> Steve Kinney: The response is
gonna give me a whole
bunch of stuff on it.
What I really,
it's gonna give me a reference,
what I really want is the response.ref.
>> Steve Kinney: The getDownloadURL.
The download URL is the full URL to
where it is on the Internet, right.
There are more relative one to this bucket
and all these other things in case you,
this is the full,
this is the URL for this image.
So I'll grab that.
And then I'll say photoURL
this is a way that keeping
the user ref stored for
usability it's useful.
I'll say update,
>> Steve Kinney: photoURL.